# Software Contributors's Agreement

The FastDDM project, hosted at
[https://github.com/somexlab/fastddm](https://github.com/somexlab/fastddm) at University of Vienna,
Faculty of Physics, Computational and Soft Matter Physics group, operates under the GPLv3
open-source license (Administrator).
When you submit code changes, your contributions automatically fall under the same GPLv3 license
that applies to the entire project. This means that you accept the terms and conditions of that
GPLv3 license and your contribution complies with these. If you have any concerns, feel free to
contact the Administrator.

By contributing, you confirm that your contributions are your original work, and you have the
right to license them under the GPLv3. You also assert that your contributions do not infringe
upon the copyright or any other intellectual property rights of any third party.

Before commencing work, developers on this project ensure that their contributions align with
the planned development direction and standards set for the project.

When you submit a code, you are granting the project and its users a non-exclusive, perpetual,
worldwide, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license. This license allows the
project to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform,
sublicense, and distribute your contributions and any derivative works under the terms of the
GPLv3 license.

There is no obligation of the Administrator of the project to include or distribute your
contribution(s), and they are provided under this Contributor Agreement without conditions,
warranties, or other terms of any kind. You acknowledge that any reliance on material in the
public domain shall not create liability on behalf of the maintainers of the project.

You understand and agree that the contribution is submitted publicly and is not confidential.
Recipients may use, disclose, reproduce, or otherwise distribute the contribution without
restriction.

This Software Contributor’s Agreement is executed as of the date of submitting the
contribution. By submitting a contribution, you acknowledge and agree to the terms and
conditions set forth in this Contributor’s Agreement.
