LICENSE.txt
MANIFEST.in
README.rst
pyproject.toml
bw2io/__init__.py
bw2io/backup.py
bw2io/chemidplus.py
bw2io/compatibility.py
bw2io/download_utils.py
bw2io/ecoinvent.py
bw2io/errors.py
bw2io/migrations.py
bw2io/modified_database.py
bw2io/package.py
bw2io/remote.py
bw2io/tests.py
bw2io/units.py
bw2io/unlinked_data.py
bw2io/utils.py
bw2io/validation.py
bw2io/version.py
bw2io.egg-info/PKG-INFO
bw2io.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
bw2io.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
bw2io.egg-info/requires.txt
bw2io.egg-info/top_level.txt
bw2io/data/__init__.py
bw2io/data/biosphere-2-3.json
bw2io/data/chemid_cache.json
bw2io/data/ecoinvent-3.01-3.1.json
bw2io/data/ecoinvent22.json
bw2io/data/exiomigration.json
bw2io/data/exiopol.py
bw2io/data/simapro-biosphere.json
bw2io/data/simapro-water.json
bw2io/data/test.json
bw2io/data/us-lci.json
bw2io/data/examples/example.csv
bw2io/data/examples/example.xlsx
bw2io/data/examples/sample_parameterized_database.xlsx
bw2io/data/lci/EXIOBASE-ecoinvent-biosphere.csv
bw2io/data/lci/EXIOBASE_STAM_categories.json
bw2io/data/lci/SimaPro - ecoinvent - biosphere.xlsx
bw2io/data/lci/SimaPro - ecoinvent - technosphere.xlsx
bw2io/data/lci/Simapro - ecoinvent 3.1 mapping.gzip
bw2io/data/lci/Simapro - ecoinvent 3.2 mapping.gzip
bw2io/data/lci/Simapro - ecoinvent 3.3 mapping.gzip
bw2io/data/lci/Simapro - ecoinvent 3.4 mapping.gzip
bw2io/data/lci/Simapro - ecoinvent 3.5 mapping.gzip
bw2io/data/lci/ecoinvent 2-3.01.xlsx
bw2io/data/lci/ecoinvent 3.01-3.1.xlsx
bw2io/data/lci/ecoinvent 3.1-3.2.xlsx
bw2io/data/lci/ecoinvent 33 new biosphere.json
bw2io/data/lci/ecoinvent 34 new biosphere.json
bw2io/data/lci/ecoinvent 35 new biosphere.json
bw2io/data/lci/ecoinvent 36 new biosphere.json
bw2io/data/lci/ecoinvent 37 new biosphere.json
bw2io/data/lci/ecoinvent 38 new biosphere.json
bw2io/data/lci/ecoinvent 39 new biosphere.json
bw2io/data/lci/ecoinvent elementary flows 2-3.xlsx
bw2io/data/lci/ecoinvent elementary flows 3.9.xml
bw2io/data/lci/ecoinvent_pre35_migration.json
bw2io/data/lci/geodata.json
bw2io/data/lci/previous elementary flows.json
bw2io/data/lcia/categoryUUIDs.csv
bw2io/data/lcia/lcia_39_ecoinvent.zip
bw2io/export/__init__.py
bw2io/export/csv.py
bw2io/export/ecospold1.py
bw2io/export/excel.py
bw2io/export/gexf.py
bw2io/export/matlab.py
bw2io/extractors/__init__.py
bw2io/extractors/csv.py
bw2io/extractors/ecospold1.py
bw2io/extractors/ecospold1_lcia.py
bw2io/extractors/ecospold2.py
bw2io/extractors/excel.py
bw2io/extractors/exiobase.py
bw2io/extractors/json_ld.py
bw2io/extractors/simapro_csv.py
bw2io/extractors/simapro_lcia_95project_csv.py
bw2io/extractors/simapro_lcia_csv.py
bw2io/importers/__init__.py
bw2io/importers/base.py
bw2io/importers/base_lci.py
bw2io/importers/base_lcia.py
bw2io/importers/ecoinvent_lcia.py
bw2io/importers/ecospold1.py
bw2io/importers/ecospold1_lcia.py
bw2io/importers/ecospold2.py
bw2io/importers/ecospold2_biosphere.py
bw2io/importers/excel.py
bw2io/importers/excel_lcia.py
bw2io/importers/exiobase3_hybrid.py
bw2io/importers/exiobase3_monetary.py
bw2io/importers/json_ld.py
bw2io/importers/json_ld_lcia.py
bw2io/importers/simapro_block_csv.py
bw2io/importers/simapro_csv.py
bw2io/importers/simapro_lcia_csv.py
bw2io/strategies/__init__.py
bw2io/strategies/biosphere.py
bw2io/strategies/csv.py
bw2io/strategies/ecospold1_allocation.py
bw2io/strategies/ecospold2.py
bw2io/strategies/exiobase.py
bw2io/strategies/generic.py
bw2io/strategies/json_ld.py
bw2io/strategies/json_ld_allocation.py
bw2io/strategies/json_ld_lcia.py
bw2io/strategies/lcia.py
bw2io/strategies/locations.py
bw2io/strategies/migrations.py
bw2io/strategies/parameterization.py
bw2io/strategies/products.py
bw2io/strategies/simapro.py
bw2io/strategies/special.py
bw2io/strategies/useeio.py
bw2io/strategies/sentier/__init__.py
bw2io/strategies/sentier/simapro_units.py
tests/test_backup.py
tests/test_randonneur.py
tests/test_utils.py